code-review
	Nikolai Sazonov	CS225	Feb 2025

	Code Review

    Review your flip code according to the defensive programming and clean code naming 
    guidelines discussed in class and listed below. For each, evaluate how well 
    your code adheres to the principle: 
    fully (no exceptions), 
    satisfactory (in most cases), 
    unsatisfactory (often or mostly not), 
    not applicable. 
    
    Also write a paragraph or two explaining 
    your evaluation for each — how your code demonstrates each principle or where it doesn't and how 
    you would fix the issues. Put your answers in the code-review file. 

Criteria to address:

    Always use {} for loop and conditional bodies. (Not applicable if you don't have any with only 
    one statement in the body.)
Satisfactory, using more than four while loops, for things like taking dice, getting proper input, playing unti
50 points

    Don't rely on default values.
Fully. There are no default values, from player name to dice random. i make users redo their input if something is 
wrong, instead of provide a default value

    Don't rely on pass through behavior in conditionals.
Assert data is in proper format

    Don't trust outside data.
Fully, while I am not sure what this means, I do not use any outside data other than scanner and random.

    Names should reveal intent.
Satisfactory, while some things have very basic one letter names, they are used in private methods for which the name
of the method itself reveals the variables purpose.

    Names should be informative so comments describing what the variable is for should generally not be necessary.
Fully

    Avoid short variable names and long function names in large scopes.
Unsatisfactory, For short methods, which have a very understandable method names and parameter names,
so because of that I can afford to make generic variable names, as people will assume that everything is 
correct. However, in longer methods, such as void main, or game class, using short named variables
is bad practice.
In shorter methods, things such as Random rng = new Random(); instead of naming it Random random;

    Reduce vertical scope.
Unsatisfactory, My code has relatively large amount of verticality, more lines of code than other people's
however, I use alot of methods, which will make the code alot more readable. Still, the main method is quite long
and some other methods are quite difficult to understand quickly

    Avoid disinformation.
Fully, I could not find an example from my code that could be seen as disinformation

    Make meaningful distinctions and pick one word per concept.
Unsatisfactory
